my aunt sharen abak was killed two years
ago today while covering a military raid
engine in the occupied West Bank um ever
since Shireen was killed no one has been
held accountable and for the past two
years my family and I have been
advocating
tirelessly um for justice for Shireen we
have been calling for accountability
from the halls of the US Congress all
the way to the ICC and until this day we
still haven't heard back from the ICC
and we continue to call on um the ICC to
carry out an investigation the fact that
there was no justice for Shireen has led
has paved the way um for the uh
systematic targeting of Palestinian
journalists in in Gaz and over the past
seven months we've seen more than 140
Palestinian journalists targeted and uh
killed
um U media workers have been
continuously uh targeted and um the fact
that there's no justice for Shireen
really is uh disheartening because um it
makes us wonder if uh if all these
journalists that were killed in Gazza
will ever have justice as well